I need to create a landing page for this project. Use the skill ui-ux-pro-max for the design and the skill emil-design-eng for the animations. Follow the following steps in order to achieve this:

- Using a background agent gather a full understanding of the project, it's business, design and aesthetics use @CLAUDE.md and @planV3.md for this matter. This information will be used for the content of the landing page.
- Design guidelines: I want a very modern, clean and professional design. Maitaining similar colors and style of the landing that's already created in @nextjs/src/app/page.tsx . I want imitate the style of the landing page of hubspot ( https://www.hubspot.es/?cq_cmp=1054688301&cq_net=g&gad_campaignid=1054688301&var=BOT497 ). I want a simple yet modern landing page with colors to separate each section (white, orange, dark, grandients), don't add desings to the backgrounds of the sections (lines, shapes, etc), just use solid colors or gradients just like hubspot does, I need that same CRM look and feel. See @data/hubspot.png for reference and also see their source code in @data/hubspot.html
- This will the main landing page for the project, it will be used for marketing purposes, so it needs to be very professional and engaging. It should show all the information gathered from step one. Note that this is not a ready to use project, so it shouldn't have all the features or section that a ready to use platform should have, it should be a simple yet engaging landing page that can be used for marketing purposes. Just add subcription section showing three plans based of the documents that you analized.
